Add notes on performance (#176)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/tips_and_tricks.rst

That also means that existing ids will change and scripts that used them in a hard-coded fashion will fail.

Whenever you find yourself hard-coding ids into your code, consider replacing it with a function that uses the :py:meth:`~.signac.Project.find_jobs` function instead.

How do I achieve optimal performance? What are the practical scaling limits for project sizes?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Because **signac** uses a filesystem backend, there are some practical limitations for project size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because **signac** uses a filesystem backend, there are some practical limitations for project size, and while there is no hard limit some heuristics can be helpful.
```

On a system with a fast SSD, a project can hold about 100,000 jobs before the latency for various operations (searching, filtering, iteration) becomes unwieldy.

> Some **signac** projects have scaled up to 1,000,000 jobs or more, but the performance can be slower.

Author: ```suggestion
Some **signac** projects have scaled up to around 1,000,000 jobs, but the performance can be slower.
```

That also means that existing ids will change and scripts that used them in a hard-coded fashion will fail.

Whenever you find yourself hard-coding ids into your code, consider replacing it with a function that uses the :py:meth:`~.signac.Project.find_jobs` function instead.

How do I achieve optimal performance? What are the practical scaling limits for project sizes?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Because **signac** uses a filesystem backend, there are some practical limitations for project size.

> While there is no hard limit imposed by signac, some heuristics can be helpful.

Author: ```suggestion
While there is no hard limit imposed by **signac**, some heuristics can be helpful.
```
